Chase
=====

As part of a team project last spring quarter, we had to write a design document, construct a paper prototype from it, test the paper prototype with people from our game design and development II class and implement their feedback for the digital prototype, and finally build the digital prototype in Unity all under two weeks.  In addition to this, we had to teach ourselves Unity and could not seek help from the professor as part of a game industry simulation experience.  We had to learn how to make the menus, which ended up being different Unity scene files, and write C# scripts for all of the game objects in MonoDevelop.  With a team of six people including me, we were able to successfully build three levels for our game and to polish our game multiple times since we finished our project a couple of days before the due date.  My roles in this project include:  writing the game elements section and producing art for the game design document. programming death scripts for the player, menu scripts, and instruction script. delegating tasks to people in the team and checking up on people to ensure we were making progress as a team. Feel free to check out our updated design document.  Here is a link to our game made in Unity.  If you don’t have Unity web player, you need to download it.  Controls for the game:  Use WASD or Arrow keys to walk Hold Shift and use WASD or Arrow keys to run Use the mouse to look around Space bar to jump Press E to interact with certain objects
